[16.0][MIG] stock_picking_auto_create_lot_qty (#1567)
OCA/stock-logistics-workflow: stock_picking_auto_create_lot_qty/readme/USAGE.md

To use this module you need to:

> #. Go to a _Product > Inventory tab_. #. Set a tracking option for this product. #. Set
> auto create lot. #. Go to _Inventory > Incoming_ and create one. #. Validate picking
> without lot. #. If _Only multiples allowed_ has been selected in product, picking
> validation will be blocked if qty received is not a multiple of the value set in
> product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Go to *Inventory* tab of a product. 
#. Set a tracking option for this product. 
#. Set 'Auto create lot'. 
#. Go to *Inventory > Incoming* and create a new transfer. 
#. Validate picking without lot. 
#. If 'Only multiples allowed' has been selected in the product, picking validation will be blocked if qty received is not a multiple of the value set in the product.
```
